Delegation does not remove human judgment.
It changes where judgment creates the most value.
Low-risk actions such as reading, searching, drafting, and preparing can usually run with wider autonomy.
High-impact actions such as sending, paying, deleting, changing production, or making a public claim should receive narrower permissions.
Place human approval immediately before an irreversible action, after the agent has prepared the evidence needed for a fast decision.
Do not require approval for every harmless read, and do not wait until after a damaging action to review it.
Review capacity is also a real bottleneck.
If an agent produces ten times more work but the output remains difficult to inspect, total productivity may not improve.
Design acceptance criteria before execution.
Ask for a diff, a checklist, a reconciliation report, citations, test results, or a preview.
The best review artifact makes important failures obvious without forcing the human to reconstruct the entire process.
Split the work where the risk changes.
Research and drafting can be one automated stage.
External sending can be a separate approval stage.
Data transformation can run automatically while deletion of source records remains prohibited.
Add stopping conditions for missing context, repeated failure, budget limits, and ambiguous outcomes.
An agent that knows when to stop is more useful than one that always claims to finish.
Chapter recap.
First, give wider autonomy to reversible preparation and narrower authority to irreversible action.
Second, define acceptance evidence before execution so review stays tractable.
Third, stop on missing context, repeated failure, or ambiguous completion.